since losing on the opening weekend of
the season Aberdeen had won 11 of their
subsequent 14 games at Pittodrie it's
almost two weeks since Aberdeen last
played formal defeat at Celtic Park this
is good Willie no Ryan Jack arriving on
the scene Jack cuts in aiming for that
top right hand corner he just bobbled
the little before he hits it three goals
this season two since the turn of the
year for Ryan Jack Daniels no jack on
the volley
not paste behind the shot but no problem
really for George lawn ryan' Jack were
the first two sightings of goal in the
game
clay slipped
lastly MacDonald heroin nice exchange
Considine that will go all the way to
the goalkeeper an errand shaved ass
jailer comes out double block from the
defender that's a great piece of
defending from a stealer and barrack
loss men are denied an important safety
from line field to deny Arwen Johnson
shot a Nash Taylor did so well McLean
picking out the run of Rudy
McKim no drops her shoulder passed
streaker Lasley gets a touch onto the
claim that one was really traveling from
Kenny McClean still searching for his
first Aberdeen goal and he was not far
away here begin lovely bursts to the by
light that was perfectly struck by
McLean
between six points behind Celtic mother
well just one above Simran
this is Erwin to let fly and it finds
the back of the net
Scott McDonald as the man claiming it
heroin with the short did McDonald get a
touch he certainly did
and Motherwell lead at Pittodrie heroin
lined it up McDonald got the touch
perhaps it came out Reynolds - but that
is a predatory goal from Scott McDonald
what a big moment that could be for
mother well as they bid to escape the
drop headed forward and that Scott
dude Willie interested McGinn now in
early MacLean George long making the
save it was a good leap by Kenny MacLean
got up well picked out two by McGinn
mother well
well deserving of that first athlete
McGinn this tailor who could shave but
it's gone in Ashe tailors header has led
to the equalizer
George long doesn't look happy at all
about it he made a fantastic save but
then as he looked to recover the ball
the goalkeeper has knocked it into the
back of the net really unfortunate after
making a fine stock from a Steelers
header but it is a known goal from
George long that has got Aberdeen on
level terms no the pituitary support
really getting behind their side Logan
just lost sit forwards Lange oh it's
missed the goalkeeper this a tap-in for
any but 2-minute turnaround for Aberdeen
Rooney celebrates number 24 of the
season but it is a calamitous goal for
mother well to concede the breakdown in
communications between lying and long
and there was really with the simplest
of finishes Aberdeen are in front
well what a turnaround two minutes two
goals Derek McInnes aside lead Johnson
pure Pass
and here's nyle again a third would
finish it you would think good Willie
was open
instead McGann went for it himself good
Willie looked to be the better option
you